{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf901
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11380\viewh8360\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 New in this version (B14):\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Improved Options panel.  (Hold down "option" and click the toolbar button)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Added option for de-interlacing video.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Updated codec.  (As of 2007-05-02)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Known Problems:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}Videos from myspace.com can be captured, but the sound is distorted.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Uninstalling FLVR:\
	\
	Locate "FLVR.bundle" with Spotlight, move it to the Trash and restart Safari.\
\
\
English:\
    badjojo.com\
    blastro.com\
    blip.tv\
    bolt.com\
    break.com\
    clipshack.com\
    collegehumor.com\
    current.tv\
    dailymotion.com\
    danerd.com\
    evideoshare.com\
    evtv1.com\
    findvideos.com\
    grouper.com\
    heavy.com\
    holylemon.com\
    ifilm.com\
    jibjab.com\
    killsometime.com\
    livevideo.com\
    lulu.tv\
    metacafe.com\
    pcplanets.com\
    revver.com\
    sharkle.com\
    video.google.com\
    videoegg.com\
    vids.myspace.com\
    vimeo.com\
    yikers.com\
    youtube.com\
    zippyvideos.com\
    \
Europe/Other:\
    videotube.eu\
\
French:\
    tetesaclaques.com\
\
German:\
    arte.tv\
    cartoonland.de\
    clipfish.de\
    cool-clip.de\
    dafun.de\
    fmarket.de\
    podstream.de\
    myvideo.de\
    gaskrank.eu/tv \
    videos.google.de\
    videotube.de\
\
Japanese:\
    darao.tv\
    oreseg.com\
    rimo.tv\
    \
Spanish:\
    grinvi.com\
    \
Swedish:\
    bubblare.se\
\
\
As this is a 
\b BETA 
\b0 release, we are asking for users to inform us of any problems and/or bugs. Please take a moment and run through this check list after the installation is finished.
\b \

\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}There is a "FLVR" button on your Safari toolbar.\
{\listtext	2.	}If you click the button, FLVR's window rolls onto the screen.\
{\listtext	3.	}When you visit a page that contains a Flash video (FLV), FLVR's button begins to pulse (in blue) as the movie begins to play.\
{\listtext	4.	}The options menu is accessible by holding down "option" and clicking the toolbar button.\
{\listtext	5.	}Everything else works as expected. ;-)	\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls4\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Videos are properly copied into your "Movies" folder.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Videos are added to iTunes, in the "Movies" folder.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Deleting videos works as expected, under all conditions.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Videos play properly on iPod video models.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Video and sound are the same relative quality as the original.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
Finally, a question:  Would you like to see FLVR in your native language?  We would too!  Contact us, and we'll make it happen.  (It's easy, really!)  We're especially interested in adding Chinese and additional Eastern-European language support.\
\
The TastyApps Team\
customer-service@tastyapps.com\
http://www.tastyapps.com\
}